Blog: How we measure feature success at PostHog (#5821)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/blog/measuring-feature-success.md

---
title: How we measure feature success at PostHog
date: 2023-04-20
author: ["ian-vanagas"]
showTitle: true
rootpage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
hideAnchor: true
featuredImage: ../images/blog/open-source-testing-tools/testinghog.png
featuredImageType: full
category: Inside PostHog
tags:
 - Guides
 - Feature flags
---

When it comes to new features, success can be tough to define. Although a business can succeed as a whole, what it means for a feature to succeed is less clear.

At PostHog, we care about enabling teams to understand and measure feature success (we have [an entire team dedicated to it](/handbook/small-teams/feature-success)). As part of helping you do this, this post details what feature success is, and how we measure it at PostHog. We go through the real launch of a new feature (sampling) and explain how we measured success along the way.

> ## What is feature success?

Reviewer: Reads a bit SEO-baity. What about `Defining feature success`?

Measuring feature success starts after deciding to work on a feature. We decide to build a feature based on quantitative and qualitative feedback combined with our thoughts on what’s best. Once we decide to build a feature, we start to judge its success based on if it:

1. Solves a user problem. Key to this is understanding and defining users’ problems, then figuring out ways to solve them that fit with the product and business. 
2. Is actually used. No matter how good you think your feature is, if it doesn’t get used, it isn’t benefitting users.

Feature success is the process of enabling, measuring, and evaluating both of these. It is planning for how to develop a successful feature, a system for measuring its ongoing usage, and a process for evaluating its success.

## How we measure feature success at PostHog

Measuring feature success at PostHog is a multi-step process that goes hand-in-hand with our release process. The multi-step approach to feature success ensures we are building the right solution and that users actually care and use the solution we are building.

> To help you connect this to reality, we will follow along with how [Yakko](/handbook/company/team) recently built, measured, and evaluated [sampling](/docs/product-analytics/sampling).

Reviewer: Wasn't clear to me if Yakko is a person or company :) I think better to introduce him e.g "we will follow along how Yakko, one of our engineers, recently built..."

Author: Got it

> **What is sampling?** The sampling feature speeds up queries by analyzing a portion of the data and extrapolating the results. Yakko decided to work on this feature because slow queries were causing frustrations, sampling felt like an intuitive solution, and manually benchmarking the impact of sampling on large customers confirmed this intuition (3-10x improvements).

![Sampling in action](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/sampling.gif)

### 1. Build it and make sure it isn’t broken

> Once we decide to build a feature, we move fast and build it, review that it matches what we envisioned, and ship it behind a feature flag. The flag rolls out to a single developer to start. This helps them to check if it has the smallest bit of success in solving the problem in production.

Reviewer: Before you start building something, shouldn't you first define why theres a need for it, prioritize it and then define a criteria for evaluating it's success?

Reviewer 2: The draft this was inspired by does cover this so should be easy to pop it in here if you like @ivanagas 

https://github.com/PostHog/posthog.com/blob/9675ce3fa70941dfbde7f8cf2ba63110d1b49bb9/contents/blog/building-a-new-feature-e2e.md#should-we-build-this
https://github.com/PostHog/posthog.com/blob/9675ce3fa70941dfbde7f8cf2ba63110d1b49bb9/contents/blog/building-a-new-feature-e2e.md#v0

Author: Added, thanks!

Sampling got its first real users through the support hero tagging Yakko in places they felt sampling might help out. This helped improve the experience for customers without completing the feature. When these users were positive about their experience, he knew the feature was successful so far and continued the rollout. 

![Message](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/message.png)

A feature is successful at this stage if users use it and the qualitative feedback we receive from them is positive. A common goal at this stage is "5 happy teams using it."

### 3. Launch

When we have positive feedback and usage in beta, and the feature reaches the point we are ready to release. The flag rolls out further, eventually to 100% of users.

Yakko continued to update the simple UI for sampling (it changed four times) to ultimately land on something he was happy with. He instrumented tracking for the feature’s usage and rolled it out to 25% of all organizations in PostHog.

![Sampling UI](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/sampling.png)

> At this stage, feature success is broad usage. A significant portion of target users should be using the feature. What this portion is depends on the usage of similar features. The feature should also be issue free and work as intended.

Reviewer: > A significant portion of target users should be using the feature.

I think this is a really meaty topic to dig into and ultimately the difficult part of defining feature success. How do I know how much adoption is good? Is 5% of users using it good? 10%? 50? How do we determine this

Author: I tried to add some metrics based on our numbers, but they range so much 😅

If a large feature is successful to warrant dedicated, sustained work, such as session recordings or group analytics, we might plan to [charge for it](/handbook/engineering/feature-pricing). If this is the case, then success becomes users paying for it. As an example, charging for our feature flags product is a goal for Q2 2023. Follow-on goals are likely growing the revenue of the product. 

The success of the feature post-launch determines future effort and investment in that feature or related features. If a feature gets a lot of usage and feedback, then we often develop plans to continue working on ideas related to it.

Sampling is a relatively self-contained feature. It likely won’t get charged for. Yakko continues to ask for feedback about sampling, but more work will go into improving query performance generally as it continues to be a challenge for some. The success of sampling led to more investment in improving query performance.

## How you can measure feature success

One of the largest factors in how to measure feature success is the size of your feature, product, and company.

> - For early-stage startups and small features, it means obvious increases in key metrics.

Reviewer: maybe good to say what those key metrics might be? "it means an obvious increases in key metrics such as feature adoption or revenue"

---
title: How we measure feature success at PostHog
date: 2023-05-08
author: ["ian-vanagas"]
showTitle: true
rootpage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
hideAnchor: true
featuredImage: ../images/blog/open-source-testing-tools/testinghog.png
featuredImageType: full
category: Inside PostHog
tags:
 - Guides
 - Feature flags
---

Is my new feature working? It's the question PostHog exists to answer – we even have [an entire team dedicated to it](/handbook/small-teams/feature-success). 

We define a successful new feature as one that:

> **1. Solves a real user problem.** Key to this is understanding and defining users’ problems, then figuring out ways to solve them that fit with the product and business. 
> **2. Is actually used.** No matter how good you think your feature is, if it doesn’t get used, it isn’t benefitting users.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
1. **Solves a real user problem.** Key to this is understanding and defining users’ problems, then figuring out ways to solve them that fit with the product and business. 
2. **Is actually used.** No matter how good you think your feature is, if it doesn’t get used, it isn’t benefitting users.
```

---

> title: How we measure feature success at PostHog

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
title: How we build features users love (really fast)
```

Reviewer 3: @ivanagas Thoughts on this as a headline? Something about the phrase "feature success" just felt clunky to me. This speaks to me! Agree?

rootpage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
hideAnchor: true
featuredImage: ../images/blog/green-blog-image.jpg
featuredImageType: full
category: Inside PostHog
tags:
 - Guides
 - Feature flags
---

Is my new feature working? It's the question PostHog exists to answer – we even have [an entire team dedicated to it](/handbook/small-teams/feature-success). 

We define a successful new feature as one that:

1. **Solves a real user problem.** Key to this is understanding and defining users’ problems, then figuring out ways to solve them that fit with the product and business. 
2. **Is actually used.** No matter how good you think your feature is, if it doesn’t get used, it isn’t benefitting users.

If that sounds simple, well... that's kind of the point. The principles _are_ simple, but how deep you go in either is entirely up to you. 

In this post, I'll share how we measure feature success at PostHog using a real-world new feature launch, [data sampling](/blog/measuring-feature-success), which was defined, built, and measured by a single engineer, Yakko.

> **What is sampling?** The sampling feature speeds up queries by analyzing a portion of the data and extrapolating the results.
>

> > ![Sampling in action](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/sampling.gif)

Reviewer 3: Not important, but if you have time would be cool to change this into an MP4.

The feature should also be issue free and work as intended. Bug reports or confusion on how to use the feature are bad signs.

To evaluate success after launch, we watch session replays and track metrics that match specific criteria we care about. For example, we might look at the session recordings of power users who are in our ICP and paying customers. We also might create a dashboard to show usage and the feature’s impact.

In Yakko’s case, he: 

- created a key metrics dashboard that he would dig into a few times a day.
- watched [session replays](/tutorials/explore-insights-session-recordings) of the feature to see if it was having the intended impact or causing any confusion (he fixed a few visual regressions as a result of this).
- used the [user interview app](/docs/apps/user-interview) to prompt users who tried sampling for a user interview.

![Dashboard](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/dashboard.png)

After doing all these, he was confident the feature was trending towards success, and continued the rolling out until he hit 100% of users.

> ## Step 5: Continued development post-launch

Reviewer 3: Just realised... the one thing this piece is missing is a quote (or something) explicitly demonstrating how the feature was successful. Can we grab quote(s) from Yakko's feedback to support this? It's a small thing, but would give this piece a nice lift.

Author: Added a quote of feedback I found, but most of it was constructive 😅

---
title: How we measure feature success at PostHog
date: 2023-05-08
author: ["ian-vanagas"]
showTitle: true
rootpage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
hideAnchor: true
featuredImage: ../images/blog/open-source-testing-tools/testinghog.png
featuredImageType: full
category: Inside PostHog
tags:
 - Guides
 - Feature flags
---

> When it comes to new features, success can be tough to define. Although a business can succeed as a whole, what it means for a feature to succeed is less clear.
> 
> At PostHog, we care about enabling teams to understand and measure feature success (we have [an entire team dedicated to it](/handbook/small-teams/feature-success)). As part of helping you do this, this post details what feature success is, and how we measure it at PostHog. We go through the real launch of a new feature (sampling) and explain how we measured success along the way.
> 
> ## Defining feature success
> 
> We decide to build a feature based on quantitative and qualitative feedback combined with our thoughts on what’s best. Once we decide to build a feature, we start to judge its success based on if it:
> 
> 1. Solves a user problem. Key to this is understanding and defining users’ problems, then figuring out ways to solve them that fit with the product and business. 
> 2. Is actually used. No matter how good you think your feature is, if it doesn’t get used, it isn’t benefitting users.
> 
> Feature success is the process of enabling, measuring, and evaluating the combination of the above points. It is planning for how to develop a successful feature, a system for measuring its ongoing usage, and a process for evaluating its success.
> 
> ## How we measure feature success at PostHog
> 
> Measuring feature success at PostHog is a multi-step process that goes hand-in-hand with our release process. The multi-step approach to feature success ensures we are building the right solution and that users actually care and use the solution we are building.
> 
> To help you connect this to reality, we will follow along with how one of our engineers, [Yakko](/handbook/company/team), recently built, measured, and evaluated one of our new features: [sampling](/docs/product-analytics/sampling).
> 
> > **What is sampling?** The sampling feature speeds up queries by analyzing a portion of the data and extrapolating the results.
> 
> ![Sampling in action](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/sampling.gif)
> 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Is my new feature working? It's the question PostHog exists to answer – we even have [an entire team dedicated to it](/handbook/small-teams/feature-success). 

We define a successful new feature as one that:

**1. Solves a real user problem.** Key to this is understanding and defining users’ problems, then figuring out ways to solve them that fit with the product and business. 
**2. Is actually used.** No matter how good you think your feature is, if it doesn’t get used, it isn’t benefitting users.

If that sounds too simple, well... that's kind of the point. The principles _are_ simple, but how deep you go in either is entirely up to you. 

In this post, I'll share how we measure feature success at PostHog using a real-world new feature launch, [data sampling](/blog/measuring-feature-success), which was defined, built, and measured by a single engineer, Yakko.

> **What is sampling?** The sampling feature speeds up queries by analyzing a portion of the data and extrapolating the results.
>
> ![Sampling in action](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/sampling.gif)
```

### 0. Deciding to build a feature

From the thinking and decision about building a feature comes the criteria for evaluating its success. 

Yakko decided to work on sampling because:
1. Slow results on complex queries were causing frustrations for large customers. This ties to the product analytics team objective of "[make PostHog performance frustration free for our 10 largest customers](/handbook/small-teams/product-analytics#objective-2-make-posthog-performance-frustration-free-for-our-10-largest-customers)."
2. Sampling felt like a simple solution that could be implemented quickly.
3. Manually benchmarking the impact of 10% sampling on large customers' queries confirmed 3-10x improvements in speeds with only a 1-2% loss in accuracy.

This showed that sampling was technically feasible and it was worth doing now.

> ### 1. Build an MVP and test it's working as intended

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Step 2: Building an MVP and testing it's working as intended
```

Once we decide to build a feature, the success evaluation can begin. We move fast and build the feature, review that it matches what we envisioned, and ship it behind a feature flag. The flag rolls out to a single developer to start. This helps them to check if it has the smallest bit of success in solving the problem in production.

This is exactly what Yakko did with sampling. He picked one insight (lifecycle was easiest), updated the API, built a quick UI, and [shipped it](https://github.com/PostHog/posthog/pull/14283) behind a feature flag. Within hours, the feature was working in production with production data. 

![Lifecycle](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/lifecycle.png)

A feature is successful at this stage if it solves the issue, isn’t broken, and can scale to millions of events and users. Since we use PostHog at PostHog, this often means using it ourselves (aka dogfooding). Feature flags let us roll out or roll back quickly if needed.

### 2. Beta test and get feedback

Once an MVP of a feature ships, it continues the process of evaluation by rolling out further. More members of our team try out the feature and provide feedback.

> For sampling, Yakko added more insights that supported sampling and then started polishing. He asked the team to try out the feature, wrote [docs](/docs/product-analytics/sampling), and had a chat with our Head of Product Luke about what sampling should look and feel like. He also started to take Michael's UI feedback more seriously.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
For sampling, Yakko added more insights that supported sampling and then started polishing. He asked the team to try out the feature, wrote [docs](/docs/product-analytics/sampling), and discussed with his team what sampling should look and feel like. He also started to take Michael's UI feedback more seriously.
```

> If a specific user requested the feature or has a problem potentially solved by it, we might roll it out to them with the expectation that it is recently built. Feature flags enable us to adjust the rollout and do this fast. We communicate with the user through this process and ideally receive feedback that helps us improve it.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
If a specific user requested the feature or has a problem potentially solved by it, we might roll it out to them with the expectation that it is a recently built, beta feature. Feature flags enable us to adjust the rollout and do this fast. We communicate with the user through this process, and ideally receive feedback that helps us improve it.
```

Sampling got its first real users through the support hero tagging Yakko in places they felt sampling might help out. This helped improve the experience for customers without completing the feature. When these users were positive about their experience, he knew the feature was successful so far and continued the rollout. 

![Message](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/message.png)

A feature is successful at this stage if users use it and the qualitative feedback we receive from them is positive. A common goal at this stage is "5 happy teams using it."

> ### 3. Launch and monitor usage

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
## Step 4: Wider launch and usage monitoring
```

> When we have positive feedback and usage in beta, and the feature reaches the point we are ready to release. The flag rolls out further, eventually to 100% of users.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Once we have positive feedback and usage in beta, and the feature reaches the point we are ready to release, the flag rolls out further, eventually to 100% of users.
```

> Yakko continued to update the simple UI for sampling (it changed four times) to ultimately land on something he was happy with. He instrumented tracking for the feature’s usage and rolled it out to 25% of all organizations in PostHog.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Yakko continued to update the simple UI for sampling (it changed four times) to ultimately land on something he was happy with. He instrumented tracking for the feature’s usage, and rolled it out to 25% of all organizations in PostHog.
```

![Sampling UI](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/sampling.png)

At this stage, success is significant usage by the target user. What this portion is depends on the usage of similar features. At PostHog, this looks like:

- 10-12% of our daily active users use individual products (like product analytics or session recordings)
- 15-40% of daily active product users use a large features (like flag payloads or funnels) within those products.
- 4-12% of daily active product users use a small features (like sampling, replay network tab, or dashboard templates) within those products.

The feature should also be issue free and work as intended. Bug reports or confusion on how to use the feature are bad signs.

> To evaluate success after launch, we watch session replays and track metrics that match specific criteria we care about. For example, we might look at the session recordings for high ICP, paid users in the 99th percentile of feature usage to see how power users are utilizing the product. We also might create a dashboard to show usage and the feature’s impact (such as average insight load time).

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
To evaluate success after launch, we watch session replays and track metrics that match specific criteria we care about. For example, we might look at the session recordings of power users who are in our ICP and paying customers. We also might create a dashboard to show usage and the feature’s impact.
```

In Yakko’s case, he: 

- created a key metrics dashboard that he would dig into a few times a day.
- watched [session replays](/tutorials/explore-insights-session-recordings) of the feature to see if it was having the intended impact or causing any confusion (he fixed a few visual regressions as a result of this).
- used the [user interview app](/docs/apps/user-interview) to prompt users who tried sampling for a user interview.

![Dashboard](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/dashboard.png)

> After doing all these, he was confident the feature was trending towards success and continued the rolling out until he hit 100% of users.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
After doing all these, he was confident the feature was trending towards success, and continued the rolling out until he hit 100% of users.
```

### 4. Continued development post-launch

> Success after launch looks like continued growth in usage metrics. It also looks like recommendations or public praise for that feature. If the feature has a large enough impact, it may even inspire a marketing push or case study. 

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Success after launch looks like continued growth in usage metrics. It also looks like recommendations, or public praise for that feature. If the feature has a large enough impact, it may even inspire a marketing push or case study. 
```

If a large feature is successful to warrant dedicated, sustained work, such as session recordings or group analytics, we might plan to [charge for it](/handbook/engineering/feature-pricing). If this is the case, then success becomes users paying for it. As an example, charging for our feature flags product is a goal for Q2 2023. Follow-on goals are likely growing the revenue of the product. 

The success of the feature post-launch determines future effort and investment in that feature or related features. If a feature gets a lot of usage and feedback, then we often develop plans to continue working on ideas related to it.

> Sampling is a relatively self-contained feature. It likely won’t get charged for. Yakko continues to ask for feedback about sampling, but more work will go into improving query performance generally as it continues to be a challenge for some. The success of sampling led to more investment in improving query performance.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sampling is a relatively self-contained feature. It likely won’t get charged for. Yakko continues to ask for feedback about sampling, but more work will go into improving query performance generally as it's important ongoing metric for us. The success of sampling led to more investment in improving query performance.
```

---
title: How we measure feature success at PostHog
date: 2023-04-20
author: ["ian-vanagas"]
showTitle: true
rootpage: /blog
sidebar: Blog
hideAnchor: true
featuredImage: ../images/blog/open-source-testing-tools/testinghog.png
featuredImageType: full
category: Inside PostHog
tags:
 - Guides
 - Feature flags
---

When it comes to new features, success can be tough to define. Although a business can succeed as a whole, what it means for a feature to succeed is less clear.

At PostHog, we care about enabling teams to understand and measure feature success (we have [an entire team dedicated to it](/handbook/small-teams/feature-success)). As part of helping you do this, this post details what feature success is, and how we measure it at PostHog. We go through the real launch of a new feature (sampling) and explain how we measured success along the way.

## Defining feature success

> Measuring feature success starts after deciding to work on a feature. We decide to build a feature based on quantitative and qualitative feedback combined with our thoughts on what’s best. Once we decide to build a feature, we start to judge its success based on if it:

Reviewer: Im not sure this sentence is needed

1. Solves a user problem. Key to this is understanding and defining users’ problems, then figuring out ways to solve them that fit with the product and business. 
2. Is actually used. No matter how good you think your feature is, if it doesn’t get used, it isn’t benefitting users.

> Feature success is the process of enabling, measuring, and evaluating both of these. It is planning for how to develop a successful feature, a system for measuring its ongoing usage, and a process for evaluating its success.

Reviewer: nit: 
> Feature success is the process of enabling, measuring, and evaluating both of these

Maybe "Feature success is the process of enabling, measuring, and evaluating the combination of both of these"

## How we measure feature success at PostHog

Measuring feature success at PostHog is a multi-step process that goes hand-in-hand with our release process. The multi-step approach to feature success ensures we are building the right solution and that users actually care and use the solution we are building.

> To help you connect this to reality, we will follow along with how one of our engineers, [Yakko](/handbook/company/team), recently built, measured, and evaluated [sampling](/docs/product-analytics/sampling).

Reviewer: nit:

```suggestion
To help you connect this to reality, we will follow along with how one of our engineers, [Yakko](/handbook/company/team), recently built, measured, and evaluated one of our new features: [sampling](/docs/product-analytics/sampling).
```

> **What is sampling?** The sampling feature speeds up queries by analyzing a portion of the data and extrapolating the results.

![Sampling in action](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/sampling.gif)

### 0. Deciding to build a feature

> A feature needs to exist for us to measure its success. Deciding to build a feature comes before everything in the feature success process.

Reviewer: I dont think this paragraph is needed. I think we can jump straight into the sampling example and not explain at a high level

From the thinking and decision about building a feature comes the criteria for evaluating its success. 

Yakko decided to work on sampling because:

> 1. Slow queries were causing frustrations

Reviewer 3: +1 We don't need to go super deep, but would be useful to add some context (e.g. we're just talking about our **biggest** customers and complex queries). Can we link this to an OKR, or a broader priority for the product analytics team?

> 1. Slow queries were causing frustrations

Author: Ties to this: https://posthog.com/handbook/small-teams/product-analytics#objective-2-make-posthog-performance-frustration-free-for-our-10-largest-customers

> 2. Sampling felt like an intuitive solution that could be implemented quickly

Reviewer: nit: maybe:
```suggestion
2. Sampling felt like a simple solution that could be implemented quickly
```

3. Manually benchmarking the impact of 10% sampling on large customers' queries confirmed 3-10x improvements in speeds with only a 1-2% loss in accuracy.

This showed that sampling was technically feasible and it was worth doing now.

> ### 1. Build it and make sure it isn’t broken

Reviewer 3: This is a slightly negative framing... maybe something more like "Build an MVP and test it's working as intended"

For sampling, Yakko added more insights that supported sampling and then started polishing. He asked the team to try out the feature, wrote [docs](/docs/product-analytics/sampling), and had a chat with our Head of Product Luke about what sampling should look and feel like. He also started to take Michael's UI feedback more seriously.

If a specific user requested the feature or has a problem potentially solved by it, we might roll it out to them with the expectation that it is recently built. Feature flags enable us to adjust the rollout and do this fast. We communicate with the user through this process and ideally receive feedback that helps us improve it.

Sampling got its first real users through the support hero tagging Yakko in places they felt sampling might help out. This helped improve the experience for customers without completing the feature. When these users were positive about their experience, he knew the feature was successful so far and continued the rollout. 

![Message](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/message.png)

> A feature is successful at this stage if users use it and the qualitative feedback we receive from them is positive. A common goal at this stage is "5 happy teams using it."

Reviewer: nice

> ### 3. Launch

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
### 3. Launch and monitor usage
```

When we have positive feedback and usage in beta, and the feature reaches the point we are ready to release. The flag rolls out further, eventually to 100% of users.

Yakko continued to update the simple UI for sampling (it changed four times) to ultimately land on something he was happy with. He instrumented tracking for the feature’s usage and rolled it out to 25% of all organizations in PostHog.

![Sampling UI](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/sampling.png)

> At this stage, success is significant usage by the target user. What this portion is depends on the usage of similar features. At PostHog, this looks like:

Reviewer: > What this portion is depends on the usage of similar features.

Such a great point and very insightful!

- 10-12% of our daily active users use individual products (like product analytics or session recordings)
- 15-40% of daily active product users use a large features (like flag payloads or funnels) within those products.
- 4-12% of daily active product users use a small features (like sampling, replay network tab, or dashboard templates) within those products.

The feature should also be issue free and work as intended. Bug reports or confusion on how to use the feature are bad signs.

To evaluate success after launch, we watch session replays and track metrics that match specific criteria we care about. For example, we might look at the session recordings for high ICP, paid users in the 99th percentile of feature usage to see how power users are utilizing the product. We also might create a dashboard to show usage and the feature’s impact (such as average insight load time).

In Yakko’s case, he: 

- created a key metrics dashboard that he would dig into a few times a day.

> - watched session replays of the feature to see if it was having the intended impact or causing any confusion (he fixed a few visual regressions as a result of this).

Reviewer: Could be a good blog post in itself. Do we already a blog on "best practices on how to use session replays to gain insights" ?

Reviewer: found it: https://posthog.com/tutorials/explore-insights-session-recordings
Maybe worth linking to it here?

- used the [user interview app](/docs/apps/user-interview) to prompt users who tried sampling for a user interview.

![Dashboard](../images/blog/measuring-feature-success/dashboard.png)

After doing all these, he was confident the feature was trending towards success and continued the rolling out until he hit 100% of users.

> ### 4. Post-launch

Reviewer 3: Not sure about this heading. The other steps / headings sound like actions (i.e. "do this") whereas this sounds like a stage.
